Update security-hardening-for-github-actions.md (#26522)
github/docs: content/actions/security-guides/security-hardening-for-github-actions.md

{% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} is intentionally scoped for a single repository at a time. The `GITHUB_TOKEN` grants the same level of access as a write-access user, because any write-access user can access this token by creating or modifying a workflow file, elevating the permissions of the `GITHUB_TOKEN` if necessary. Users have specific permissions for each repository, so allowing the `GITHUB_TOKEN` for one repository to grant access to another would impact the {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} permission model if not implemented carefully. Similarly, caution must be taken when adding {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} authentication tokens to a workflow, because this can also affect the {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} permission model by inadvertently granting broad access to collaborators.

> We have do support a flow that allows cross-repository access within {% data variables.product.product_name %} for using [GitHub Actions stored in internal repositories](/actions/creating-actions/sharing-actions-and-workflows-with-your-enterprise). Currently, the only way to perform other privileged cross-repository interactions is to place a {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} authentication token or SSH key as a secret within the workflow. Because many authentication token types do not allow for granular access to specific resources, there is significant risk in using the wrong token type, as it can grant much broader access than intended.

Reviewer: Suggest bringing this into line with our style guide and clarifying the behavior as follows:

```suggestion
If your organization is owned by an enterprise account, then you can share and reuse {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} by storing them in internal repositories. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/actions/creating-actions/sharing-actions-and-workflows-with-your-enterprise)."

You can perform other privileged, cross-repository interactions by referencing a {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} authentication token or SSH key as a secret within the workflow. Because many authentication token types do not allow for granular access to specific resources, there is significant risk in using the wrong token type, as it can grant much broader access than intended.
```
